Namo Nam Tỳ Ni Viên Vô Ưu Thọ Hạ Thị
Hiện Đản Sinh Phật Bổn Sư Thích Ca Mâu
Ni. Dear esteemed audience and friends,
more than 2,600 years ago, our Buddha,
a great man,
a man of great wisdom, appeared in
this world.
He dispelled the dark veil of ignorance for
all humanity. He saved sentient beings, enlightened them, and
opened their minds to the
path of liberation. He guided
us and all beings to the realm of
happiness. Today,
at Ba Vàng Pagoda, all Buddhists, in
all colors and costumes of the
ethnic groups of Vietnam and
countries around the
world, together celebrate the Buddha's birthday.
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
] [Music]
[
Music] Joyful for
those far from home, joyful for the
long road of the Dharma.
Joyful for the blossoming of the flower.
Joyful  How joyful life is! How joyful the long road to the Dharma! How joyful the
peaceful and harmonious heart! How joyful the face that appears in the
world! Oh, the long road to the Dharma Master! How joyful the
harmonious heart, flowers replacing
salt, clothes replacing clothes, that comes into the world! How joyful it is to break through! Oh, how
difficult it is to change diapers and clothes, to become a human being, to see
life, to hear the words!
[music]
joyful or how joyful the long road to the Dharma is! How joyful the
harmonious race of roses! How joyful the
Buddha's birth!
How joyful the bright path! How joyful the harmonious Sangha, changing, to get drunk, to become a human being, difficult to change, to hear the waves, to be able to hear wine, to become a human being, to see life, to have a summer day! [music] harmonious Sangha, enough joy, changing
things, to come into the world, youth breaking the
golden road! Oh, the harmonious hands of the Sangha, losing to Bui Thanh,
joyful or bathing in roses!
[music] [music]
[music] [Applause] [music] [music] [music
]
[music] [music] [
music]
[music] [music]
[music]
Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners, with a single thought, I
believe that in the
hearts of all Buddhists  Ba Vang Pagoda is
very joyful right now
[Applause]
All the Buddhists are very happy. Today at this time,
practicing meditation, we think that the celestial beings are also
happy, the celestial beings are also playing heavenly music at
this moment. Therefore, at this moment at
Ba Vang Pagoda, the April sky is bright,
the
songs are very melodious, dear fellow practitioners,
and with a clear mind, we hope that you, dear fellow
practitioners, will continue to
follow the procession of flower floats
celebrating the Buddha's birthday at 5 PM today.